# AMAZON
bam_jem-userdebug jellybean
bam_jemlte-userdebug jellybean
bam_otter-userdebug jellybean
bam_otter2-userdebug jellybean
bam_tate-userdebug jellybean
# ASUS
bam_deb-userdebug jellybean
bam_flo-userdebug jellybean
bam_grouper-userdebug jellybean
bam_tf101-userdebug jellybean
bam_tf201-userdebug jellybean
bam_tf300t-userdebug jellybean
bam_tf700t-userdebug jellybean
bam_tilapia-userdebug jellybean
# BARNES & NOBLE
bam_acclaim-userdebug jellybean
bam_encore-userdebug jellybean
bam_hummingbird-userdebug jellybean
bam_ovation-userdebug jellybean
# GOOGLE
bam_steelhead-userdebug jellybean
# HTC
bam_ace-userdebug jellybean
bam_doubleshot-userdebug jellybean
bam_dlx-userdebug jellybean
bam_endeavoru-userdebug jellybean
bam_enrc2b-userdebug jellybean
bam_evita-userdebug jellybean
bam_fireball-userdebug jellybean
bam_jewel-userdebug jellybean
bam_m7att-userdebug jellybean
bam_m7spr-userdebug jellybean
bam_m7tmo-userdebug jellybean
bam_m7ul-userdebug jellybean
bam_m7vzw-userdebug jellybean
bam_pyramid-userdebug jellybean
bam_ruby-userdebug jellybean
bam_shooter-userdebug jellybean
bam_shooteru-userdebug jellybean
bam_shootervm-userdebug jellybean
bam_ville-userdebug jellybean
# HUAWEI
bam_u8815-userdebug jellybean
bam_u8860-userdebug jellybean
# LGE
bam_d800-userdebug jellybean
bam_d802-userdebug jellybean
bam_e970-userdebug jellybean
bam_e973-userdebug jellybean
bam_e975-userdebug jellybean
bam_e980-userdebug jellybean
bam_ls970-userdebug jellybean
bam_mako-userdebug jellybean
bam_p760-userdebug jellybean
bam_p920-userdebug jellybean
bam_p930-userdebug jellybean
bam_p970-userdebug jellybean
bam_p990-userdebug jellybean
bam_su640-userdebug jellybean
bam_vs920-userdebug jellybean
# MOTOROLA
bam_edison-userdebug jellybean
bam_everest-userdebug jellybean
bam_ghostgsm-userdebug jellybean
bam_ghosttmo-userdebug jellybean
bam_ghostvzw-userdebug jellybean
bam_maserati-userdebug jellybean
bam_mb886-userdebug jellybean
bam_solana-userdebug jellybean
bam_spyder-userdebug jellybean
bam_targa-userdebug jellybean
bam_umts_spyder-userdebug jellybean
bam_wingray-userdebug jellybean
bam_xt897-userdebug jellybean
bam_xt897c-userdebug jellybean
bam_xt907-userdebug jellybean
bam_xt925-userdebug jellybean
bam_xt926-userdebug jellybean
# OPPO
bam_find5-userdebug jellybean
# SAMSUNG
bam_apexqtmo-userdebug jellybean
bam_captivatemtd-userdebug jellybean
bam_crespo-userdebug jellybean
bam_crespo4g-userdebug jellybean
bam_d2att-userdebug jellybean
bam_d2cri-userdebug jellybean
bam_d2mtr-userdebug jellybean
bam_d2spr-userdebug jellybean
bam_d2tmo-userdebug jellybean
bam_d2usc-userdebug jellybean
bam_d2vzw-userdebug jellybean
bam_d710-userdebug jellybean
bam_epicmtd-userdebug jellybean
bam_exhilarate-userdebug jellybean
bam_fascinatemtd-userdebug jellybean
bam_galaxysl-userdebug jellybean
bam_galaxysmtd-userdebug jellybean
bam_galaxysbmtd-userdebug jellybean
bam_hercules-userdebug jellybean
bam_i605-userdebug jellybean
bam_i925-userdebug jellybean
bam_i777-userdebug jellybean
bam_i9100-userdebug jellybean
bam_i9100g-userdebug jellybean
bam_i9103-userdebug jellybean
bam_i9105-userdebug jellybean
bam_i9105P-userdebug jellybean
bam_i9300-userdebug jellybean
bam_i9305-userdebug jellybean
bam_i9500-userdebug jellybean
bam_jactive-userdebug jellybean
bam_jflteatt-userdebug jellybean
bam_jfltecan-userdebug jellybean
bam_jfltecri-userdebug jellybean
bam_jfltecsp-userdebug jellybean
bam_jfltespr-userdebug jellybean
bam_jfltetmo-userdebug jellybean
bam_jflteusc-userdebug jellybean
bam_jfltevzw-userdebug jellybean
bam_jfltexx-userdebug jellybean
bam_jgedlte-userdebug jellybean
bam_l900-userdebug jellybean
bam_maguro-userdebug jellybean
bam_manta-userdebug jellybean
bam_mesmerizemtd-userdebug jellybean
bam_n5110-userdebug jellybean
bam_n7000-userdebug jellybean
bam_n7100-userdebug jellybean
bam_n8000-userdebug jellybean
bam_n8013-userdebug jellybean
bam_p3100-userdebug jellybean
bam_p3110-userdebug jellybean
bam_p4-userdebug jellybean
bam_p4wifi-userdebug jellybean
bam_p5100-userdebug jellybean
bam_p5110-userdebug jellybean
bam_p5113-userdebug jellybean
bam_quincyatt-userdebug jellybean
bam_quincytmo-userdebug jellybean
bam_r950-userdebug jellybean
bam_serrano3gxx-userdebug jellybean
bam_serranoltexx-userdebug jellybean
bam_showcasemtd-userdebug jellybean
bam_skyrocket-userdebug jellybean
bam_t0lte-userdebug jellybean
bam_t0lteatt-userdebug jellybean
bam_t0ltecdma-userdebug jellybean
bam_t0ltetmo-userdebug jellybean
bam_t769-userdebug jellybean
bam_toro-userdebug jellybean
bam_toroplus-userdebug jellybean
bam_venturi-userdebug jellybean
bam_vibrantmtd-userdebug jellybean
bam_ypg1-userdebug jellybean
# SONY
bam_honami-userdebug jellybean
bam_kumquat-userdebug jellybean
bam_mint-userdebug jellybean
bam_odin-userdebug jellybean
bam_pollux-userdebug jellybean
bam_pollux_windy-userdebug jellybean
bam_tsubasa-userdebug jellybean
bam_yuga-userdebug jellybean
# XIAOMI
bam_aries-userdebug jellybean
